ADDING TMUA PRACTICE

The student works on paper. Each interactive paper is a standalone HTML
file with its questions, maths, images, knowledge steps and player embedded.
Both Normal and Pearson views keep the same untimed learning flow.

BUILD A PAPER FROM THE OFFICIAL QUESTION BANK

  python3 tools/build_bank_paper.py content/tmua-2020-p2-plan.json papers/paper-2/tmua-2020-p2.html

content/official-question-bank.json stores verified questions by source ID.
Each plan group lists originalId and three candidate IDs. Set metadata
requiresThreeFollowups to true for a finished paper; this checks that all
three are present and no followup is repeated elsewhere in that paper. Select actual
questions from other official years that exercise the relevant knowledge.
Record why each match is useful in the plan's matches array. The builder
checks source IDs and rejects overlap with the paper's original questions.
The player skips followups already used elsewhere during this paper.

Prefer official TMUA questions for followups. If no suitable match exists,
check tmua.co.uk using the user's authorised access. Do not invent a match,
relabel a generated question as official, or silently use a weak substitute.
The early specimen and 2020 pairs are complete, each with 20 originals
and 60 distinct reserved follow-ups per paper. The specimen pair uses official
sources throughout. For the 2020 pair: 20 originals and 60 distinct reserved followups
per paper. Paper 1 uses official sources throughout. Paper 2 uses 59 official
followups and one reviewed tmua.co.uk angle-conversion exercise where the
official archive lacks a close standalone units exercise. The source ID,
provider, URL and fallbackReason preserve that distinction. Match rationales
distinguish direct matches from deliberate knowledge-transfer practice.

For updated papers, metadata.contentRevision = 2 and every group must include
legacyCandidates containing its COMPLETE previous ordered list, including [].
Unfinished saved attempts retain their old pools and scores; new attempts use
the updated pools. Never silently replace a saved active followup by position.

The original-source PDFs are preserved as question images, including options
and diagrams. Check that every premise and answer option is fully visible.
Hints, pitfalls and solutions are independently authored and checked against
official worked answers and the published syllabus, favouring elementary
and AS-level methods. Verify the reasoning independently: a published
worked answer can itself contain a typo. Record workedSolutionUrl and the
source page for each official exercise. Image questions can be enlarged by click or Enter/Space.
They do not yet have full screen-reader transcriptions of mathematical text.

BOOKLET REMINDERS

content/studied-lessons.json maps the seven studied booklets: 84 lessons.
Add one or two hint.recall entries: {lessonId, reminder}. Use canonical IDs,
for example p2-b1-l08. The builder resolves the actual title and PDF page.
Write a short reminder of the relevant knowledge in original wording.
The UI displays Lesson, or Section for the first booklet's METHOD headings.
Do not publish the student's full reference books or personal exam workings.

LEARNING FLOW

1. Initially show only the exercise and answer choices.
2. Give me a hint reveals one small knowledge
   step without requiring a guessed answer. Further hints appear one at a time.
   Take it from here returns to the question and hides help.
3. Check answer requires a selected answer, records its result, then reveals
   the answer, recap and worked solution. A click without a selected answer
   asks the student to choose and does not change their score. Go through
   the hints hides the solution and reopens progressive help.
4. Independent credit is fixed before help: a first hint records zero with
   a distinct reason (hint), not an incorrect selected answer. A later correct submission can improve the after-practice
   score. Viewing help or a solution never earns a mark. Preserve firstKind,
   practiceKind and followup firstKind when saving. Older attempts without
   these fields retain their existing scores and are treated as answer attempts.
5. After checking a selected answer, the student can always choose Next exercise
   (or Finish paper), Redo, or an available similar question. Similar practice must
   never block Next. Early continuation saves movedOn=true and completed=true,
   without changing correctness or inventing a similar-question attempt. Preserve
   movedOn when resuming; started followups must be checked before continuing.
6. For metadata.practicePolicy = after-miss-up-to-3, an originally missed
   question offers a verified followup when one is available. After another
   first-answer miss, offer another unused candidate, up to three total.
   Stop after a followup first-answer success or when candidates are exhausted.
   First-time correct originals can advance without a forced followup.
7. Redo never changes recorded first answers. Similar-question first answers
   have their own actual denominator; they are not a predicted TMUA score.
8. After practice counts originals actually answered correctly, including
   retries. Opening a solution or answering a similar question does not turn
   an unsolved original into a correct answer. The first score stays unchanged.
   From a similar solution, Redo the original question verifies that original.
9. Every new whole-paper attempt receives its own stable ID. Completing it
   records both scores in history; reload/review updates the same entry. A new
   attempt keeps earlier results. Unknown retry results from older saved
   sessions remain unrecorded until verified, rather than inferred.
10. Older papers without this policy offer one similar exercise; it is also optional.

Use the familiar coral headings, pale blue working, yellow knowledge and pink
pitfalls. Avoid teacher targets, difficulty labels and generic disclaimers in
student screens. Preserve useful source credits and mathematical warnings.

BUILD A DIRECTLY AUTHORED PAPER

  python3 tools/build_paper.py INPUT.json papers/paper-1/NEW-ID.html

See content/jz-mock-d-p1-preview.json for the data structure. The preview is
 two questions, not a full paper. Use paper-2 for Paper 2. Metadata requires:
format tmua-paper-v1, a unique lowercase id, title, paper (1 or 2), source,
description, accurate questionCount and version 1. Optional practicePolicy
is after-miss-up-to-3. Typeset mathematical expressions in hints and solutions as MathML, including
stacked fractions, roots, exponents and integral limits. Convert authored LaTeX
to MathML at build time when convenient; the resulting HTML must work offline.
Avoid slash fractions and strings such as x^(1/2) in the student text. Keep
hint titles in ordinary words; the title renderer deliberately escapes HTML.

Publish the HTML under papers/. The next automatic build discovers it; no
catalogue edits are needed. Reuse its ID only when correcting the same paper.

PAIRED ROADMAP

assets/roadmap.json lists the suggested pairs in order, each Paper 1 then
Paper 2. Local question PDFs live in assets/bank/. interactiveId links a pair
to a fully authored guided paper when available. A PDF link does not imply
that paper has been converted to the interactive learning flow.

Purchased JZ source addresses are retained for the manager's reference.
The student route never opens their external simulators or PDF files. Paid
content is not copied to this public website.
Unavailable pairs stay in comingSoon and do not count as active stages.
Private tutor difficulty estimates and personal performance are kept outside
the published repository. The sequence is a teaching judgement, not a
calibrated difficulty scale or a guarantee of scores.

The homepage lists the established paired route, Paper 1 then Paper 2.
Only a complete guided HTML paper with 20 original questions is actionable.
Unconverted papers are visibly being prepared; they must not open PDFs or
external exams as a substitute. The next-paper card resumes unfinished guided
work and otherwise chooses the next ready guided paper in the route.
Completion updates from its actual saved result. Never mark all pairs complete
merely because all currently available guided papers have been completed.

After adding a paper, set its interactiveId in assets/roadmap.json and map its
20 originals in assets/concept-map.json. Build and check the entire flow before
showing a paper as ready.

Manual roadmap marks require an attempt context (first attempt or practised
before) and remain separate from guided-practice scores. A stage completes
only when both marks and review/corrections are recorded. With shared progress
enabled, these records sync to the approved student and manager accounts.

The homepage shows current guided scores while work is in progress. These use
answered questions as the denominator and are separate from completed scores.
The concept panel uses the question-to-concept map and actual original-question
records. Manual paper totals do not imply concept-level results. Keep the map
aligned when adding or revising a guided paper.

The homepage progress graph has separate Paper 1/Paper 2 views. It compares
first attempts and after-practice results as percentages, preserving the raw
score and denominator in the history table. It displays completed attempts
only. Repeated papers are marked as practised before, so the score is not
presented as an unseen-paper result. The shared browser history store is
separate from active paper progress and from the current roadmap form.

SCORE BENCHMARK

The sidebar provides a historical 2023 benchmark only for that actual pair,
recorded as first unseen attempts of 75 minutes without help. Both papers
must be recent and close together. Guided scores, JZ marks and repeat attempts
are not eligible. It is not a prediction on the revised 2024+ TMUA scale.
Without qualifying results, show no numeric estimate.

CHECK BEFORE PUBLISHING

  npm test
  python3 tools/test_build_paper.py
  python3 tools/test_build_bank_paper.py
  TMUA_REQUIRE_READY_PLANS=4 node tools/test_paper_player.js
  npm run build

Roadmap browser tests additionally run when Playwright is installed or
TMUA_PLAYWRIGHT_PATH points to an existing Playwright package. Inspect actual
questions, answers, recalls, first-correct recap, progressive help, both views,
followup stopping, resume, source-image completeness and narrow layouts.

The build publishes only index.html, assets/, papers/ and the generated
papers/catalog.json. Source content, tests and authoring tools stay out of dist.

SHARED PROGRESS AND PRIVATE PDF SOURCES

The website remains on GitHub Pages. Supabase provides approved-account sign-in,
shared scores and unfinished work, and manager-only PDF storage. See
supabase/README.md for deployment and policy checks. The public configuration
contains only a project URL and publishable key; never put secret keys or
passwords in this repository.

The student uses the same website login on each device. Wait for “Saved across
your devices” before switching. Unsynced changes stay in an account-scoped local
queue. Conflicting copies require a choice and a private database backup before
either copy is replaced. First-attempt scores are not combined or raised.
Only one practice tab can be active in the same browser at a time.

The manager uses Manage PDFs to add a new source or append a new version.
PDFs never become public website assets automatically. Download the chosen
version and its source record when preparing a requested regeneration; review
the mathematics and create a new paper revision before publishing. Existing
attempts retain their original content revision. PDF upload itself does not
generate exercises or alter published questions.
