TMUA PRACTICE WEBSITE — PUT IT ONLINE

The website is ready for Netlify, Cloudflare Pages or GitHub Pages.
Connect the website folder to a GitHub repository once. After that, upload
each new paper HTML into that repository: your host rebuilds the list and
publishes the new paper automatically. You never edit the homepage or list.

FIRST UPLOAD

1. Create a GitHub repository with a main branch for this website.
2. Put the CONTENTS of tmua-practice-site at its top level. index.html,
   package.json, assets, papers, tools and tests belong directly in the
   repository. Keep netlify.toml and .github/workflows/deploy-pages.yml too.
   Do not upload the enclosing Maths project, sources, or the generated dist
   folder. This website has no packages to install.
3. Choose ONE hosting option below and connect that repository.

NETLIFY

Create a project by importing the GitHub repository. Use these settings:
  Production branch: main
  Base directory: leave empty (the website is at the repository root)
  Build command: npm run build
  Publish directory: dist

The included netlify.toml supplies the build command, publish directory and
Node version. Netlify publishes after the first successful build and after
later changes to main.

CLOUDFLARE PAGES

Create a Pages project with Git integration and select the repository:
  Production branch: main
  Framework preset: None
  Root directory: leave empty
  Build command: npm run build
  Build output directory: dist
  Environment variable: NODE_VERSION = 24

Save and deploy. Future changes to main start another build automatically.

GITHUB PAGES

Ensure .github/workflows/deploy-pages.yml exists at exactly that path in the
repository. In repository Settings > Pages, set the publishing Source to
GitHub Actions. Open the Actions tab, select "Publish practice website" and
run it on main, or make a new commit on main. The workflow tests, builds and
publishes dist. The Pages settings show the live link when it succeeds.

If your branch has a different name, change branches: [main] in the workflow
to that name. Upload the website files at the repository root so the supplied
workflow can find package.json. Links also work at a GitHub project URL such
as https://your-name.github.io/your-repository/.

ADD A PAPER LATER — THE REGULAR WORKFLOW

1. Ask for a new paper in this website's standalone HTML format. The HTML
   includes its title, Paper 1/2 category, unique ID and question count.
2. Save it in your LOCAL repository's papers/paper-1 or papers/paper-2 folder.
3. Commit and push the change to main (GitHub Desktop works too).
4. Wait for the host's successful deployment, then reload the website.

If you use the terminal, run these inside the website repository:

  git add papers/
  git commit -m "Add a practice paper"
  git push

You can also upload through GitHub: open the correct paper folder, choose
Add file > Upload files, drop in the HTML, and commit to main. Pull those
changes before your next local edit.

That is all. The new paper appears in its category without changing any
website code or maintaining a list. If the other category folder does not
yet appear in GitHub, create it by using Add file > Create new file and name
the file papers/paper-2/.gitkeep (or papers/paper-1/.gitkeep). Then upload the
paper inside that folder. Nested subfolders are also supported by the build.

For a correction, replace the existing HTML with the same filename and ID.
For a different paper, use a different filename and unique ID. A duplicate
ID, missing metadata or wrong category stops publication with a helpful
message in the host's build log. Fix that file and upload it again.

MANUAL FOLDER UPLOADS

Git-connected hosting is what makes future paper uploads automatic.
Dragging a folder to a deployment dashboard creates a separate deployment;
it does not connect future paper files to the live library. For a manual
update, rebuild locally with Node 20 or newer:

  npm run build

Then upload the COMPLETE generated dist folder, including the existing
papers. Do not upload only a new HTML or the unbuilt source folder as an
update. Netlify's manual-update workflow requires the rebuilt output; it
does not establish continuous deployment or automatically discover future
files. Cloudflare direct uploads likewise need a new complete built upload.

LOCAL PREVIEW

On a Mac, open Start Website.command in the source folder. This local
preview scans the paper folders when opened; changes made locally stay on
your computer until you upload them to your connected repository.

CONNECT YOUR LOCAL REPOSITORY ONCE

An existing GitHub account is enough: create an empty repository called
tmua. Leave the optional README, licence and .gitignore unticked if you
are pushing this prepared local repository. In GitHub Desktop, add the
existing local website repository and publish it to your GitHub account.
Alternatively, GitHub displays commands to add the remote and push your
main branch. Use the actual URL of your new repository in those commands.
Then enable GitHub Pages using GitHub Actions as described above.

Saving a file locally alone does not publish it: commit and push it.

The hosting build publishes only the homepage, assets, paper HTMLs and its
generated list. Development tools, source question data, templates, tests
and the local preview server are not part of the published site.

OFFICIAL HOSTING REFERENCES

Netlify build settings:
https://docs.netlify.com/build/configure-builds/overview/
Netlify Git integration and manual uploads:
https://docs.netlify.com/deploy/create-deploys/
Cloudflare Pages build settings:
https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/configuration/build-configuration/
Cloudflare Pages Git integration:
https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/get-started/git-integration/
GitHub Pages custom workflows:
https://docs.github.com/en/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/using-custom-workflows-with-github-pages
